Add: troubleshooting for the override feature (#1229)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/troubleshooting/development/my-store-does-not-reflect-the-overrides-i-created.md

---
title: "My store does not reflect the overrides I created"
slug: "my-store-does-not-reflect-the-overrides-i-created"
hidden: false
createdAt: "2024-06-13T08:47:00.508Z"

> excerpt: "The overriding process is not working."

Author: ```suggestion
excerpt: "During the Section overriding process], you can experience issues such as overridden components not appearing or not behaving as you expected."
```

> excerpt: "During the Section overriding process], you can experience issues such as overridden components not appearing or not behaving as you expected."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: "During the Section overriding process, you can experience issues such as overridden components not appearing or not behaving as expected."
```

tags:
    - faststore
---

[Section override](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-overview) is a feature for customizing and creating new components for your FastStore storefront. However, you may encounter situations where the overridden components don't appear or function as intended.

Below are various troubleshooting checks and instructions you can use to solve your store's issue:

> 
> | Issue | Troubleshooting instructions |
> | ----- | ---------------------------- |
> | Overrides fail to display in your store. | [Check the `getOverriddenSection` function](#checking-the-getoverriddensection-function). |
> | Overrides are not reflected in the Headless CMS. | [Remove default props](#removing-default-props). |
> | Styles are not being applied to the component. | [Check custom section class names](#checking-custom-section-class-names).|

Author: ```suggestion

| Issue | Troubleshooting instructions |
| ----- | ---------------------------- |
| Overrides fail to display in your store. | [Check the `getOverriddenSection` function](#checking-the-getoverriddensection-function). |
| The custom section is not available in the Headless CMS.  | [Add the section’s schema in the Headless CMS](#adding-the-sections-schema-in-the-headless-cms). |
| Overrides are not reflected in the Headless CMS. | [Remove default props](#removing-default-props). |
| Styles are not being applied to the component. | [Check custom section class names](#checking-custom-section-class-names).|
```

### Checking the `getOverriddenSection` function

If you encounter an error message mentioning a missing function named `getOverriddenSection`, it means you need to import it into your code.

This function is important for displaying product overrides within your store, allowing you to customize specific product page sections. Follow the steps below to import the function to your project:

1. Open the file where you are overriding the section, for example, `ProductDetailsWithCustomButton.tsx`.
2. At the top of the file, import the `getOverridenSetion` function:

   ```tsx
    import { getOverriddenSection } from '@faststore/core';
    ```

    Here's an example of how to use `getOverriddenSection` in your `ProductDetailsWithCustomButton.tsx` file:

    ```tsx
    import { ProductDetailsSection, getOverriddenSection } from '@faststore/core'

    const ProductDetailsWithCustomButton = getOverriddenSection({
    Section: ProductDetailsSection,
    components: {
        BuyButton: { Component: CustomBuyButton },
    },
    })
    ```

3. Run `yarn dev` to sync your changes with your development environment.

### Adding the section’s schema in the Headless CMS

> If you can’t see the changes in the Headless CMS after [overriding a prop](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-component-props) or a [section](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-native-component), this may be due to a schema. The Headless CMS won’t display your custom section without one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you cannot see the changes in the Headless CMS after [overriding a prop](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-component-props) or a [section](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-native-component), this may be due to a missing schema. The Headless CMS will not display your custom section without one.
```

> If you cannot see the changes in the Headless CMS after [overriding a prop](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-component-props) or a [section](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-native-component), this may be due to a missing schema. The Headless CMS will not display your custom section without one.

Author: ```suggestion
If you can't see the changes in the Headless CMS after [overriding a prop](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-component-props) or a [section](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-native-component), this may be due to a missing schema. The Headless CMS will not display your custom section without one.
```

> 1. [Add the schema](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-syncing-components-with-the-headless-cms) for the new section to the Headless CMS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [Add the schema](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/overrides-syncing-components-with-the-headless-cms) for the new section to the Headless CMS.
```
